I have a little bit of a cold, so I hope you guys won't mind. And also, thanks a lot for
inviting me. I appreciate it. And I know some of you want to also hear about the Native
Americans. But I think I told Carolyn that I think that that is a program in itself because
it's such an important aspect of Sahaja Yoga. And it wasn't just me, you know, there were
many, many yogis involved in it. And also, we spoke about Michael Fusselli and Steve
Day. And hopefully, Jill Bajeskew, I hope she's on here. I'm under, I don't, she's been very
instrumental with the, you know, the progress and the building of Kannada Haari. I was
involved with the Native American programs for myself with other yogis. We visited the Native
American reservations. But we, I think it's a good idea if we can bind both my experiences and
the importance of Kannada Haari. And I think that can happen in a later future when Carolyn,
you know, would like it to happen. So basically, I'm going to share with you
some very interesting experiences that I had before and after Sahaja Yoga.
I've been blessed so many times by our Divine Mother because as I was telling Caroline a couple
weeks ago, before Sahaja Yoga, I was really very, very sick. And had it not been for,
you know, Shri Mataji coming into my life and me practicing Sahaja Yoga, I would probably be dead
by now. And that's the truth. Because of, you know, the liver, you know, the emotional stuff,
all of the, you know, the junk and the negativities that we pick up, you know, in our
childhood. But I came into Sahaja Yoga in 1983. And it's been an incredible journey since then.
And it continues to be such an important part of my life. With outside yoga, there to me, you know,
there's nothing more important. But anyway, it was, it was about two, three months before
I did meet Shri Mataji in 1983, that I was getting really, really sick. I was smoking, you know,
I was trying to raise my son. I had a lot of financial problems trying to, you know,
get my life together. And I could feel myself getting really sick. I mean, physically ill.
And, and I knew I had to do something and I just kept praying and I kept saying, God, you know,
what am I supposed to be doing? You know, what, what, how can I improve my life?
And at that time, my husband was doing the Hatha Yoga. So he suggested that and I,
I did start the Hatha Yoga. And I did only a couple of programs. And the second or third
program that I did, remember, was a young man named, his name was Joseph. And we did some of
the physical exercises. But then I would notice that when we did the Hatha Yoga, my, my, my,
the Hatha Yoga, my, my, the right side of my body would still keep hurting. And that was like,
my main problem at the time, because I kept giving all this pain. And my right side,
I didn't know that it was, of course, the liver and the right Swaritana. And, and so
the Hatha Yoga was not doing it for me, because every time I would go to the class,
I would leave my, my right side was still being pain. And I said, this is not helping me. Anyway,
the last class that I had with this young man, his name was Joseph. We got through the exercises,
and I was, you know, in pain. And he started talking about he was going to go to India.
And immediately, I got very interested in that. And he said, he said that he was going to go to
India, and that he was going to go see a famous guru who was making diamonds come out of his hands
and also would make rice come out of his hands to feed the poor people. And as he was saying these,
I kept thinking to myself, something's not right here, because I felt, you know, I felt that it was
instinctively I felt that it was not right. And so he kept talking about the program of what he
was going to do. And, and inside of me, I said something was wrong here. And I didn't, I didn't
accept what he was saying. But I didn't say anything out of respect for him, you know. And I left
his venue. And I remember going out and waiting for the bus that was in Manhattan,
I think was the Upper West Side. And I was waiting at the bus. And I started thinking of what
this guy told me. And all of a sudden, as I was standing waiting for the bus,
my eyes just automatically closed. I was not in control. My eyes automatically closed.
And a vision appeared into my mind. It was, I saw this background of like, hills.
And standing in front of these hills was the figure of a woman dressed in white.
And she was in profile. And the hair was very long and black. And it looked like a braid
to me. But she was standing in profile very, very still. And then
I could feel these rocks underneath my feet, like tiny little pebbles
underneath my feet. I don't know why, but I remember that. And I could feel these pebbles
underneath my feet. And the vision was like in a grayish color. But she mounted these guns
totally white. And she was standing in profile. I didn't, of course, I didn't know who that was.
I didn't know what was happening. But I felt that it was something
something that was right, that to me seemed okay. And then the vision disappeared.
And then I got on the bus, still thinking about what had happened. And I started having some kind
of a vision itself, where this is something I could not even understand. But as I was
sitting on the bus going home, I had this kind of a vision of something of very, very primordial
happening. So as if it was like the beginning of the earth, the beginning of something, I don't know
what. And then it stopped. And then I went home. And that evening, my son was
home from school. And I was preparing dinner. My husband went to work. And I was sitting on the
couch. And I started to think of what happened at, you know, this Hanta Yuba teachers class.
And then all of a sudden, I had to, I had to open up my hands. I mean, all of this happened beyond
my control. I had to, I just felt that I had to open up my hands. I sat on the couch.
And I closed my eyes. And I hear this incredible sound. It was the sound of wind.
It was like, just coming from out of nowhere. And it was just coming towards me. It's like a
record sound of wind. And it was coming towards me. And it penetrated my head.
It penetrated the top of my head. And at the same time, I looked at my son and I realized he was
okay. And he was doing the same thing. He was sitting down, he stopped playing with his toys.
And he was also holding up his hands and had his eyes closed. So we were both sitting there.
I was on the couch. He was on the floor. And we're taking in this incredible energy.
And I just let it come in because I knew it was something that was good. And I didn't fight it or
anything. And I have no idea how long it lasted. Maybe, I don't know, a minute, two minutes, five
minutes. I don't know. But then when the wind stopped, my entire body was, felt healthy. It
felt good. And I know something had happened to me that was really nice. And yet I couldn't figure
out what it was. And then after that, my son and I went back to what we were doing. I think I was
watching TV or reading a book. I remember. And even when I'm playing with his toys, my hands felt
energized. My hands were like, there was like energy running through my hands. But I couldn't
figure out what it was. But I knew it was good. And then I went on, you know, with my life.
Two or three weeks later, I kept thinking about that. And I still couldn't figure out what it was.
And once in a while, I would get this sickening feeling in my stomach, like,
you know, my body being ill. And then the, then every time my body started getting ill,
I'll say, God, please help me, please help me. And I could feel my hands pulsating. It was like,
I could feel my fingers like, like energy was running through my fingers. And my hands were
pulsating. And then I would feel good. Then I would feel good again. And then,
and this continued for about three, four weeks. And I still didn't know what was going on. I
stopped going to the Hatha yoga person because I felt that he was what he had told me was wrong.
And I just continued with my life. And every time I kept, you know, feeling sick, I would say,
God help me and my hands would pulsate without me knowing what was happening. But I knew it was
good. And so I knew that something was coming my way that was something I knew it was God.
But I, how can you explain who is God and what is God, right? And then I was done at the village
about this about a month and a half later, I was not in Greenwich Village, I forgot what I was
doing. But I walked into this deli. And as I look on the left hand side, he looked up and there was
a poster. And it was, I noticed the poster of this beautiful woman. And I'm thinking, Oh my God,
she was so beautiful. I still have that poster, by the way. And I never seen anybody so beautiful.
And then I read about the information on the yoga program, wakened up Kundalini,
the time of the date and so forth. And I wrote it down. And when I got home, I called and they said,
Oh, Mother is coming in a couple of weeks come to the program saying mother, you know, why why
she's saying mother? I you know, why? Why is that? Why? Why mother? And so it was Judy Gaddy's voice.
Some of you, of course, I'm sure know her. And she's the one that's first answer. But then,
you know, funny thing is, I kind of forgot about that. I just
either went to work or I went about doing my own stuff. And
and then about a couple weeks later, I called again. And this time, Michael Fusilli answered,
I didn't know who he was, but Michael, and he said, Yes, yes. You will be coming in a few days,
come to the program. And you can learn about the Kundalini and you can learn about the
chakras. And so I did go to the program. And it was September 16, 2000. I'm sorry, not 1983 at
the Carl Jung Center. And then he used to 38th Street on Fifth Avenue. And I remember walking in
my actually my brother around his girlfriend with me. And I remember walking in and she
started the program. First of all, there was a very dynamic. I think it was a woman who was
talking about the Carl Jung and the chakras and talking about evolution and spiritualism and so
forth. Then Shri Mataji came on. And I was looking at her and I said, Oh my God, she's so beautiful.
My God, I've never seen anything so beautiful around my life. Because again, she was dressed
all in white. And I just, I listened to her, we went through the self realization. I didn't feel
that much because I was so physically I was still sick. My right side was completely messed up.
My left side doesn't knows where it was that came later. But the negativity was embedded in there,
although I didn't know that, you know, that I wasn't aware of the negativity, but it was there.
And when the program was over, I didn't feel that much. But then Shri Mataji, I remember her walking
down the stairs, somebody up and she came down the stairs, and she was saying hello to everyone.
But I did. You know, the funny thing is, I did not trust her. Isn't it funny? Because
I grew up in a Catholic environment. And I had dealt with so, you know, quite a few, you know,
Catholic priests and nuns, and most of them, I have to say, were not very nice. A couple of were
very, very good. But I was hesitant to accept any one who talked about spirituality. So
I didn't say anything I didn't. Shri Mataji offers funniest, not when I think about it,
it's, I feel bad. But I know, my hesitant to accept any spiritual person was so strong, because
I had such a negative experience in the Catholic Church when I was young. But anyway, we went home
with, you know, I felt okay. Then I took the information about the programs.
And I went back. And then I forgot exactly what happened in between. But I remember we had a big
seminar up in Deer Park, New York. And the office were telling me, come to the seminar,
Shri Mataji will be there, it'll be a three day weekend. And so I said, I want to go because,
you know, even though I wasn't fully convinced of what was happening to me, I, you know, I was,
I wanted to go. And also, in that meantime, I did start put soaking, by the way, and I did feel a
little better. But I, of course, I should have been doing it much more, I did it like maybe
two or three times a week or something. And physically, I was feeling a little better. And
I said, let me just go to the program. And that afternoon, that Friday afternoon,
I went to Judy's house because they were going to pick us up. And I'm sitting there, I was dosing up
on the couch waiting for the ride. And there was three or four of us and I hear Judy Gaddy, and I
know most of you know her, Judy Gaddy saying, well, she was talking to one of the ladies there.
Well, you know, well, she was, you know, was the Madonna, she was Jesus Christ.
She was the mother of Jesus Christ. And, and at that moment, I woke up, I was like,
I came out of my days. And I said, what? I mean, to myself, I said, what?
The mother of Jesus Christ. You know, I was confused, you know,
but something just like, boom, just something hit me and something really, really woke me up.
And I couldn't talk, I couldn't say anything. So I told Judy, I was just gonna,
hope for a coffee. I just, I just, I just didn't, I needed to go out and,
I don't know, I just had to go out. I went outside, I went to a coffee shop and I was
drinking this coffee. And I remember thinking, the mother of Jesus Christ.
Wow. You know, in the middle of a sudden, something in my awareness, something so primordial.
And it's hard to explain what I was feeling because it's inside of my head. And it's,
it's, it's an experience. And it's hard to explain this, you know, very primordial, ancient memory.
And I was just astounded. And I'm thinking, what just, what is, what is it that's happening to me,
you know, but all the time, I knew it was something very good,
that it was something for me to accept. And then we finally got our ride, we went to Deer Park.
She gave a seminar. And I still remember looking at her thinking, she was just, you know,
this very good, beautiful woman. She gave a wonderful seminar, we could ask questions.
And my question, I asked you about my son, because at the time I was smoking.
And my son's left ears, left and right ears both were being affected by inflammation.
And she told me, you know, how to use the olive oil and to warm up the cloves and the garlic,
the olive oil, and put the drops in his ears. And that evening after the seminar was over,
I went outside again, I was walking back and forth, back and forth. And
because there's something I couldn't grasp. And I knew, I, some, I knew some, somebody was not
telling me something, you know, because I kept thinking, she's the mother of Jesus Christ, then
what is going on here, you know? So I kept walking back and forth, back and forth.
And then all of a sudden, I remember Michael Petrunia, some of you may know him,
he passed on now, but Michael came by and he said, Anna, what's going on? He said,
what is going on here, Michael? Because there's something I don't understand, you know?
What is this, what's with Shammataji? What is, why is the seminar, what is, you know, going on?
And he said, but Anna, don't you know, this is the last judgment.
And I'm listening to him and he said, the men that are traveling with Shammataji are the 12
disciples, and she's the Holy Spirit. And then I thought, and then I said, well,
if she's the Holy Spirit, and this is the last judgment, does that mean that everything is going
to change from now on? That the world is going through a very, very big change? And he said, yeah,
of course. He said, that was the truth, you know, and then all of a sudden, I started feeling
the pebbles underneath my feet that I had experienced after I left the Hatha Yoga teacher,
and then looked in the back, I automatically just turned around and I was like, oh,
I looked in the back, I automatically just turned my head and I looked in the back and I saw the
hills. And then I realized that that vision that I had had in all of those experiences of my hands
pulsating, you know, was Shammataji, she was the Holy Spirit, and she had come into my life.
And that I knew that this was something so important, and, you know, so with a great purpose.
And that, you know, it was, they started to come together at that point. And
it was just probably one of the most powerful experiences I ever had, you know, the realization
that the Holy Spirit was on earth. And yet, at that point, I still, like with most of the yogis,
we still couldn't comprehend, you know, just the intensity. And I was just, I was just,
I was just completely exhausted. And just what is the nature of the Holy Spirit?
You know, and anyway, so that weekend was very, very intense. I just remember all of
the feeling, the power of the experience itself, the realization of what was happening in my life.
And at one point, we were told we could write letters to Shammataji before we would go back
to New York. And I wrote a letter. And I forgot, I forgot, I gave it to one of the yogis.
And in my letter, I wrote, Yeshe Mataji, who is God? What is my purpose on earth? And
what am I doing here? You know, who is God? What is my purpose on earth? What am I doing here?
And I gave the letter to the yogin, I totally forgot about it.
Then after that, I started going to the programs, and you know, doing more foot soakings. And
feeling, feeling much, much better after the foot soakings. And I hadn't stopped smoking yet.
That took me six months. Maybe shooting was so bad. It took me six months, but I finally did.
And just a couple of more experiences. I had forgotten about that letter.
And about a, maybe a month and a half later, two months later, I was sleeping. And I began to,
you know, in the meantime, I started going to the programs whenever I could, and feeling better and
trying to feel, you know, much, much better, just what my head was happening with my chakras, my
head was happening with my chakras, my fingers, and so forth. And just trying to, you know,
insert my way into the life of a Sahaja Yogini. And one evening, I was sleeping, and I had a dream.
And in this dream, I saw Shrimataji again, you know, she was dressed all in white.
And she was standing so tall and so majestic. And she was holding paper in her hand. And somehow I
knew that was my letter. You know, and she said, I am aware. I said, Oh, wow, you know, I get this
feeling of like, total joy, total happiness, that she had come into my dream. And that she had read
my letter. And she said, I am aware. And the dream ended and I went back to sleep. But I slept
so soundly that night. And then about a week later, I went to the school to pick up my son
from school. He was five years old. He was an inter gardener, I think, or first grade, I think
was first grade. And I was waiting for him. And I'm sitting on the bench, I was sitting outside
the school. And I'm sitting on the bench, and I'm thinking about that dream. And all of a sudden,
I had to close my eyes and my all of a sudden, my Kundalini shut off, just
went like a wind, it shut up and it hit my organ here. And at that level of the acne stopped.
And I saw two or three images. And one of them was an image of my past life.
And although I knew it was the Kundalini, and I instinctively
understood what was happening, because when something of the nature of the divinity occurs,
the divinity if they want, it's going to allow you to understand what is going on, because this
is something to be fine for the human mind to comprehend. But it was happening to me. And I knew
that I was understanding what was happening. Kundalini allowed that I knew that. And I saw
an image of my past life, as the Kundalini was in my apnea.
And I understood the Kundalini was telling me that we evolved through reincarnation,
that it is through past lifetimes that we grow and that we go through these lifetimes, and
eventually we will find our source. And then after that was understood,
the Kundalini went into my satsarata and my satsarata went, you know how Chumashji explains
the thousand petals are like flowers. And that's exactly what happened when the Kundalini was
fully awakened in my satsarata, my satsarata was fully opened. And
Chumashji allowed me to experience just what it means
to be a person, to be a person who is in the satsarata.
And what it means to be fully, fully connected to our source, to who is God, what is what it is.
And I remember hearing the word akasha as this opened up, there was a world,
you can't, it's hard to explain because it's a dimension that human beings cannot
fully understand. It's a divine dimension, it's a dimension so far removed from the human.
And there was the universe, I saw the entire beautiful magnificent universe in
its, what is the word, it's energy, it was everything was white.
Now it wasn't really like this, this is what Chumashji allowed me to understand that our satsarata,
that when we are fully opened to the divinity, we are in a different dimension.
This is what I understood. It may be something different, it may be, but this is what Chumashji
allowed me to experience. And it was a universe of divinity where it was a total understanding,
total love. The love was permeating everywhere and it was just so beautiful. And then there was
and then there was this huge big white ball of energy and somehow that was just love.
It was love personified and it was just the synergy and I said, wow, that's God.
He said, it's got to be God. And then I saw these little tiny little white,
they look like little balls, but they were like tiny little planets. They were also white,
just like the huge big one. And somehow I understood these little white balls were the yogis.
So from that experience, Chumashji was telling me that we are headed towards a divine world that
is just, it's so much for the human brain to understand. And this is the only way I can explain
it because at the moment that my satsara was opened, I was fully connected to it. It was total
love, total knowledge. It had complete knowledge of everything. And somehow I heard this again,
I heard the word akasha. And then when I was telling this to somebody who told me that akasha,
those are like the records of the, I think that's what you guys can explain. I don't know,
but they're like the records of the recordings of the universe or the recordings of
whatever is going on in the world, the akasha records.
And then I, again, I didn't know how long it lasted, but then it went vroom, then the satsara,
it just quickly closed. It just like vroom. And I was back and that's the human skin.
And that's the human state. And at that moment I heard, mommy, mommy, mommy. It was my poor son
calling me and he said, mommy, mommy, come on, come on, mommy, what's the matter? But I was like,
I felt like I was drunk because the energy above my head was so powerful. And it was also like,
also kind of permeating in my total body, but it was mostly focused on my satsara.
And so my son is, you know, pulling at me. One second, hold on guys.
I talk about this, my mouth gets so dry, but my son took me out of this state of,
the state of what you wanted you, wants all of us to be really,
we're meant to be. And that's why we're giving self-realization.
And we're given this great, tremendous, powerful gift. And so I,
I was at my son's home. He kept saying, come on, mommy, hurry up. And I was like drunk. I couldn't
walk because the energy up there was so intense.
And we finally got home. Luckily my husband was there. He took over
and he watched my son and I had to go to sleep. But also, I was walking home.
Again, you know, Shomateji allowed me to understand that we are the spirit.
You know, that, yeah, we're in a physical body, but our spirit is there. And she allowed me to
experience the complete total difference between who we are as a spirit and who we are as our body.
And again, as these things were happening to me, she allowed me to understand just what was going
on. And I remember when I got home, I had to go to sleep because I was just,
my body was so tired from the experience, although I knew it was something very magnificent.
And I had to go to sleep. Anyway, this is part of, you know,
Shomateji blessed me with. And I was talking to Carolyn a couple of weeks ago and I was thinking,
you know, why doesn't everybody experience this, you know?
And then as I was talking to her, I also realized that it was because she wanted me to stay in
Sahaja Yoga because had I not, had she not allowed me to fully, fully understand just what Sahaja
Yoga is and who we are and what our role is in this evolutionary process, I probably would have
left because I would have left Sahaja Yoga, not because of anything, because I was very sick.
You know, I was very, very sick. And I was really, I probably would have left. Okay, I did have the
relief of the right side because again, the right side is so easy to clear. But then the left side,
which was even more imbalanced in me, that Shomateji took care of that later,
because it wasn't time yet. But it's just, it was just something that is,
I guess it's hard for people to understand because it's a vibrational energy that happens
and this is what Shomateji talks about all the time is the energy, the energy.
And this is, you know, what we're working with. And just one more thing, I don't know how much
time we have, but just two more things. Anna, I just want to say, yeah, we have as much time as
you want. It's 8.30 now, our time. We can go on until nine o'clock quite easy. So just talk until
you finish telling the stories you need to tell. I just want to say a couple more things because
they're important, you know, they're important because
I think we all have to realize just the tremendous times that we're living in.
These are so important. I know we've heard this before. You know, we hear it all the time.
Shomateji tells us all the time this, you know, and yet how much of it do we really, really
appreciate? And how much of it do we really understand?
And how much do we imbibe it? I think that's probably the most important aspect of Sahaja Yoga.
How much of Shomateji's work, how much of her dedication, how much of the blessings
she has given us do we imbibe? You know, and I just, you know, I try to,
you know, imbibe it as much as I can. I've made mistakes. A lot of you know I made big
vubus in Sahaja Yoga because we're all human beings, you know, and so, you know, Sahaja Yoga
to me is a journey. It's first of all, it's an individual journey where, you know, we have to
know who we are, you know, we have to know, like in that experience that I had, it's the reincarnation
through these lifetimes we go through that we are on this journey to reach our own self.
Our source.
But as Sahaja Yogis we have to imbibe it, we have to live it, you know, we have to really, really
appreciate just the tremendous blessings that the Arishakti has given us, you know.
So basically, just two more things. I already told Carolyn this, that the right side
you know was eventually, you know, got balanced even though if I'm not careful it
the liver will go out but it's mostly under control. But we know that the left side is very,
very deep and complicated. It's a complicated channel because, you know, it's our emotions,
you know, it's the intangible things that is hard for us many times to comprehend.
The right side, sure, you know, the liver creates the heat if we don't eat well,
if we're too much into, you know, the future, you know, we just have to ourselves back into,
you know, the present and your foot soak, you know, you put ice in your liver, you eat well
and it's fairly easy to clear unless it's something very, very serious. But it's usually
fairly easy to clear. But the left side is really so complicated, you know, because as I was telling
Caroline that, you know, I don't even remember my childhood. That's probably why I think Shimataji,
but you know, but I wasn't the only one that experienced these incredible things. I know that
Javier's father experienced the same thing because I was talking to Javier one time quite a few years
ago and he said his father, you know, experienced the exact same experience of when the Kundalini
came up and he saw the Inis Sashrata opened. So it's not just me, you know, I'm not saying
that just because I, you know, I experienced these things I'm special. I think what Shimataji does
she knows what each one of us needs, you know, she knows each one of us as individuals.
We're not, yes, we're a cell in her body, but she knows everything about us, everything.
She knows us down to the minimum part of our little chakra. She knows what lives we've led.
She understands all she has to do is look at you and she knows everything about you.
And so basically after I cleared my right side, then she said, okay, now it's time for me to work
on your left side. And I didn't realize it, you know, I think a lot of us when we first come to
Sahaja Yoga, we know, we think, oh my God, you know, the Holy Spirit, she's here finally,
you know, it's what we've always were looking for. Now our lives have meanings, you know,
but many times I think I talked to quite a few yogis who say, you know, they think that everybody's
going to understand this, but you know, but they don't because when I, the first times in Sahaja
Yoga I tried to tell people about Sahaja Yoga and about Shimataji, they didn't get it. And I'm
wondering, you know, why? And somehow I made a mistake of, you know, telling people, I mean,
I didn't do it every day, but you know, sometimes I would say it, maybe too often that Shimataji is
the Holy Spirit, you know, it's something so important. And I didn't know why they couldn't
get it. You know, I hadn't understood yet, you know, the process of spiritual evolution and the
process of cleansing the chakras and, you know, how much we are ready to get to know the divinity,
you see. So that made me make a few mistakes. And I think quite a few yogis have done that also.
Anyway, during the time, so we started programs, we get programs in, not just me, with other yogis,
we did programs in the prisons, we did programs in drug rehab,
and it was never just me alone, there were so many other wonderful yogis. You know, I went on with my,
with Sahaja Yoga work. And it was only 1997 then I began to realize that something was happening
within me that I needed to address, that I hadn't quite yet fully comprehended.
And I had a dream one evening, and I had this dream I was sitting next to Shimataji.
I was sitting on her left side. And all around me, all these yogis were running around,
they were busy preparing this and preparing that, you know, they were all I think preparing for a
program. And I'm sitting next to her and she said to me, I have to work on you alone.
And I said, and I, the dream ended, you know, and I didn't quite understand what that meant.
But I found myself a couple of weeks later, I left, so I did leave Sahaja Yoga, I found that I
couldn't go to the collective. Personally, I wasn't told not to go, I just couldn't go,
I don't know why. And then I started having these dreams of my past. And I started having
all these headaches, my back acne. You see, I never, I don't remember my childhood, and I
think that's probably why Shimataji allowed me to experience these things. Because had I not
experienced them, I probably would have left Sahaja Yoga not realizing its importance, because
I had too many catches, you know, there was too much darkness that needed to be addressed. And
I couldn't quite understand why they were happening. But anyway,
but she, if we're seekers, you know, if we really want to know ourselves, and we pray to her,
she will allow you to understand who you are, and who you are in this great big scheme of,
you know, Sahaja Yoga, this last judgment, the times, these incredible times that we're living in.
And so anyway, after I left Sahaja, I left the collective for a while, I started having these
dreams of my childhood. And I started getting headaches. And the headaches were so intense that
a lot of even aspirants could take the pain away. Sometimes the headaches would be so intense that
I would have to, like either hold my head like this. It was my back acne, basically.
Shimataji was starting to work on my back acne. And how it started was, I forget what month it
was, we were supposed to have a big, big parade on Fifth Avenue in 1997. And I watched the goal,
but I was sitting in my kitchen, I could not move, I was trying to meditate. And I was trying
to go to the parade, because they were going to, you know, parade with Shimataji's banner with the
music and so forth. And I couldn't move, I couldn't move. And I'm sitting down. And I was meditating.
And all of a sudden, I see my Kundalini in my head. I see the Kundalini shoot up my spinal
cord is fire. And it came up along the spinal cord, and it came to my left side.
And then I'm just sitting there just meditating, trying to meditate because my body was in
just horrible pain, you know. And it was Shimataji clearing away my past,
or trying to open up my back acne. And I think I sat there for like at least an hour and a half,
and I couldn't move. And I finally was able to sit down. But then after for a whole year,
what would happen is, I could feel the back, you know how the back acne goes this way,
and it comes around to the back and it goes down. The back acne here was opening up. It was like,
like stretching out like this, see, like little by little, and as it opened up little, little by
little, the headaches were horrible, you know, it was so painful. That's how closed that back acne
was. I had forgotten in my childhood, I had forgotten my memory. And Shimataji was working
out of my left side. And that happened, that took a year. I mean, again, you know, it was
blessings, all of this came about because I hadn't yet fully comprehended or understood just how bad
my back acne had been. I mean, I knew that I didn't remember anything from my child since I was
from my child until I was eight. And even now I have, you know, problems with memory.
It's not as bad. But I hadn't realized that this was really just a really, really bad left side
of catch. And I think I know now why Shimataji said I have to work on you alone. Because that
had been in the collective, it would have been even more painful. Because the vibrations of
the collective would have probably tried to open up the back acne even quicker, and it would have
been more painful. And I think that's probably why it took, it took a full year, almost a year
and a half to fully understand just how the back acne was closed. And now it was not operating at
all. Let's put it that way. I mean, I was only to the right side, you know, I was doing the programs,
this and this, this and this. Some of you always thought I was nuts, you know, of course they still
do. But, you know, I guess it was because Shimataji allowed me to fully comprehend what
our responsibilities are of Sahaja Yoga. And so I went with that in the beginning for the few years
of these programs. But then I had a push back, because then I had to clear even a more intense
part of me, which the left side. And I was telling to say, Carolyn, that after about a year, year and
a half, I could feel the difference, you know, I never realized that I didn't have any peripheral
vision. You know, after about a year, I remember feeling feeling good, the headaches finally
stopped. And I felt so much lighter. I felt like this incredible weight had been taken away from me
and I felt lighter. I felt, you know, more, more bouncy, you know, more happier. And then I remember
I was sitting there in a car or in a bus somewhere, and we're looking at the traffic lights. So the
traffic lights were changing from green to red, green to red, and I'm looking at the lights.
And I never realized that I was almost colorblind. And that after this year of
Sri Mataji working in my back ajna, the colors were so bright. And I didn't realize that,
that, you know, that I was missing out on this, you know, you know, seeing the beautiful vibrant
colors, they became vibrant after my back ajna cleared. And then also I began to have peripheral
vision, because I didn't realize that I did not have peripheral vision. It was after a year,
almost a year and a half that I could see him on the sides of my face. You see, so
that was another, another thing I wanted to share with you, because this is the way Sri Mataji
works, you know, it's not just meditating, kudzoking, doing programs, and, you know,
the things that we're all taught that we all do. But it's every day, there is something
that for us to imbibe, you know, and to live through the fullness as yogis is just a
tremendous, it's just a tremendous life, you know.
And then of course, after that, I had to, I realized that, yeah, you know, that I, I
was using so much on my right side, which was good. But at the same time, I realized that
it was kind of too forceful, I had to go back and balance it with the left. And again,
Sri Mataji made me realize, it made me go through the cleansing, you know, the process of
removal. Because actually, that's what it is, isn't it? When the Kundalini cleanses
a chakra or a channel, it's removing negative vibrations that are embedded in us,
that need to be removed. And once they are removed, you know, we reach a higher state of
understanding of, you know, our vibrational being. Basically, that's what it is, you know.
You know, quite a few other miracles happened,
would take maybe too long to speak about. But I think that's what I'm trying to do.
Speak about, I want to say, I'm going to send you a photo that you guys can see it. So I'll
explain a little bit now what it is. But I'll just talk about that one photo.
Again, it's just to share with you the power of our mother, you know, that we are so blessed.
We're not, like I was talking to my Iraqi brother, Jerry, you know, and he was saying also,
you know, people think we're nuts. Because, you know, if we tried to tell them what we go through,
spiritually, people don't understand it. Because they're not there yet. We hope everybody can get
there. You know, we're just blessed. And she not to Jimmy, she might have blessed me with so much.
And again, you know, I haven't been a perfect yogi or made so many mistakes. I know most of you
know my mistakes. But we have to learn, you know,
we have to overcome. We have to overcome our negative thoughts, our negative
past. That's probably the worst thing is to try to overcome the negativity from our past.
To try to overcome the negativity from our past, because it takes, it wants to hold on to you,
you know. The past, the boats, the negativity doesn't want to leave. They want to hang on to you.
They don't want to leave because they have nowhere to go. They know that if they hang on, then,
you know, there's somewhere, you know, where they can somehow work through you, whatever,
they can get what they want, but and they don't want to leave. But this is our work is to remove
that, that those negative entities, the negative experiences in order for us to basically reach
the highest. And this is where it takes courage, you know, it takes desire.
Because, you know, again, I was sharing with Carolyn that, you know, I grew up in a,
I was born in a very, I mean, my family is great. They're good.
I'm not saying anything bad against anybody. But the environment that I grew up in, I was
small in Italy, was very, very, it was the worst kind of negative stuff, you know, about, you know,
superstitious part of Catholicism. You know, that was, did a bad number on me, you know,
and we have to overcome it. We just, we just have to let it go. Sometimes it'll, it'll come,
it'll try and, you know, try and take over. But, you know, we have no mother, you know,
we have our Kundalini's, we have to be, we have to be her strong children, because if we're not
her children, who are we? We have to be, we have to be worthy, you know, worthy of what she's given
what she's given us. Anyway, I will send you the photo.
That's another miracle that I'll send it on the WhatsApp group. It's a small little, like,
four by four. And usually photos are either four by six or five by seven.
But the year that I came to Sahaja Yoga 1983, that December, I was in Judy Gaddy's house,
she was given a meditation program for Christmas. And it was like a, you know,
like a pre Christmas celebration. And I went and John Partridge also came back from India.
Some of you may know him. He sometimes meditates, but he's not really, you know,
fully in the collective. But he brought back the book, the Advent that Gervois had written,
and he had given me a copy and was giving a copy to all of the blue seekers that were there. We were
maybe five or six or seven meditated. And John told us about his experiences in India. And
he gave me a photo. And I looked at the photo, I saw this hematogy. And then we were going to
start the meditation. So I just put it in the book. And then I forgot about that photo. And
that evening, I went home. Of course, I enjoyed, you know, John's, you know, recollections,
as India was, and we all need to go to India and things like that. And I went home,
and I happened to open up the book and I saw the photo. And I kept looking at the photo.
I kept looking at it, and I saw shematogy. And then I kept looking. She was holding
a little, looked like a little boy in her bosom. She had her right hand on his center heart.
And her left hand on his, I think it was the left Vishuddhi, like this, and her right hand on his
center heart. And I kept looking and looking. And it was only the back of the head. And I said,
my God, that was that was my son's hair. You know, that's my son. She's holding my son.
I couldn't see his face. But you know, that was his hair, brown hair. And the clothes,
I recognize his clothes that he had, although I could only see just the top portion of his body.
And then I looked again, and I see this little thing. I said, wait a minute, what's something on
the left side of shematogy? And I was on the left side of shematogy with my red jacket that I had
about the Salvation Army. Because at the time, I didn't have that much money, you know, said,
Oh, my God. And I called John. Say, John, where did you get this photo? He said, what photo is it?
The photo that you gave me? And he said, I don't know. It came out of my camera. But I've never
been to India. And he said he brought the pictures from India. And that's where he took
the photos. It was from India. And I said, but I've never been there. We were, you know, we just
came to South York in September. And he said, I don't know. So that's, that's another miracle
photo. I can send it to you guys, because so the borders is like a white border. And it's a,
it looks like a four by four, like equal sides. And, you know, usually, pictures are not equal
sides, you know, maybe very few. This is four by four. So white border, and shematogy's eyes
are sparkling. And she's holding on to my son. So, but I just want to end. I mean, I could go on
and on. But I just want to end this presentation with just the one for the, the one experience
that I think we should all know about just what's happening nowadays, you know,
we see shematogy is, you know, being old, you know, she was ill. And in her last years,
you know, she was in a wheelchair. And of course, whatever mother went through is because of us
to clear us, to clear humanity, and to, you know, bring forth the spiritual evolution that
the spiritual evolution that where we are meant to be in this process of spirituality.
And it was not 2006. And